docs/source/index.rst, before:

.. include:: /includes/_links.rst

.. _pysnmp.com:

Welcome to PySNMP 7 Homepage
============================

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

Welcome to the new homepage for PySNMP, a comprehensive SNMP ecosystem for
Python that has been empowering developers and network administrators to build
SNMP-based applications for over two decades. This site introduces PySNMP key
features, sibling projects, and support options to help you make the most of
SNMP in `Python`_.

SNMP Knowledge
--------------

Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) is an essential protocol for managing
and monitoring network devices. PySNMP leverages SNMP with the power and
simplicity of Python, providing a versatile SNMP engine for a wide range of
applications.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

- **SNMP Overview**: If you're new to SNMP, check out this `Introduction to SNMP <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simple_Network_Management_Protocol>`_ for a basic understanding of how the protocol works.
- **SNMP Guru GPT**: For in-depth SNMP knowledge, interact with `SNMP Guru GPT <https://chat.openai.com/g/g-ZWj5VHbh7-snmp-guru>`_.

Core Library
------------

The PySNMP core library implements a robust SNMP engine entirely in Python. It
provides full support for SNMPv1, SNMPv2c, and SNMPv3, as well as key features
like MIB handling and asynchronous operations.

Key Features:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- **Full SNMPv1, v2c, and v3 Support**: Includes advanced features such as
  User-based Security Model (USM) and View-based Access Control Model (VACM).
- **IPv6 Support**: Fully supports managing IPv6 devices.
- **Asynchronous Operation**: Designed to handle large networks efficiently
  through asynchronous operations.
- **MIB Handling**: PySNMP can compile MIBs into Python modules for easy access
  to named OIDs.
- **Extensible Architecture**: Easily extend PySNMP with custom functionality
  for your specific use cases.

Getting Started:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Get-started guide and other articles are in `SNMP Library Docs <https://www.pysnmp.com/pysnmp/>`_
- Source code and examples are hosted in `PySNMP GitHub repository`_.

Well-Known Projects Using PySNMP:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. list-table::
   :widths: 64 64

   * - OpenStack
     - .. image:: _static/OpenStack-Logo-Vertical.png
          :width: 128
          :class: white-background
   * - Home Assistant
     - .. image:: _static/home-assistant-logo-vertical.svg
          :width: 128
          :class: white-background

Tools and Utilities
-------------------

PySNMP includes a variety of tools and utilities designed to help manage and
monitor SNMP-enabled devices. These sibling projects complement the PySNMP core
library.

- `Command-line SNMP Tools <https://www.pysnmp.com/snmpclitools/>`_: SNMP utilities for the command line.
- `SNMP Simulator <https://www.pysnmp.com/snmpsim/>`_: Simulate SNMP agents for testing.
- `SNMP Simulator Control Plane <https://www.pysnmp.com/snmpsim-control-plane/>`_: Manage and control SNMP simulation.
- `SNMP Simulator Data <https://www.pysnmp.com/snmpsim-data/>`_: Dataset for use with SNMP simulators.
- `SNMP Proxy Forwarder <https://www.pysnmp.com/snmpfwd/>`_: Forward SNMP messages between networks.
- `SNMP Command Responder <https://www.pysnmp.com/snmpresponder/>`_: Implement SNMP agents.
- `SNMP SMI Compiler <https://www.pysnmp.com/pysmi/>`_: Compile MIB files into Python.
- `ASN.1 Types and Codecs <https://pyasn1.readthedocs.io/>`_: Encode and decode ASN.1 data types.

Additional Resources
--------------------

.. toctree::
   :titlesonly:

   support
   license
   history
   snmp-simulation-service
   privacy

Contributing
------------

PySNMP is an open-source project, and contributions are welcome. Visit our
`PySNMP GitHub repository`_ to fork, submit PRs, or report issues.

PySNMP is freely available under terms that allow for both personal and
commercial use. Learn more about the PySNMP license in the :doc:`/license`
section.

Commit message:

Moved in general SNMP articles.

docs/source/index.rst, after:

.. include:: /includes/_links.rst

.. _pysnmp.com:

Welcome to PySNMP 7 Homepage
============================

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

Welcome to the new homepage for PySNMP, a comprehensive SNMP ecosystem for
Python that has been empowering developers and network administrators to build
SNMP-based applications for over two decades. This site introduces PySNMP key
features, sibling projects, and support options to help you make the most of
SNMP in `Python`_.

SNMP Knowledge
--------------

Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) is an essential protocol for managing
and monitoring network devices. PySNMP leverages SNMP with the power and
simplicity of Python, providing a versatile SNMP engine for a wide range of
applications.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   snmp-history
   snmp-design

You can interact with `SNMP Guru GPT`_ to ask questions about SNMP and learn
more in-depth information about the protocol.

Core Library
------------

The PySNMP core library implements a robust SNMP engine entirely in Python. It
provides full support for SNMPv1, SNMPv2c, and SNMPv3, as well as key features
like MIB handling and asynchronous operations.

Key Features:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- **Full SNMPv1, v2c, and v3 Support**: Includes advanced features such as
  User-based Security Model (USM) and View-based Access Control Model (VACM).
- **IPv6 Support**: Fully supports managing IPv6 devices.
- **Asynchronous Operation**: Designed to handle large networks efficiently
  through asynchronous operations.
- **MIB Handling**: PySNMP can compile MIBs into Python modules for easy access
  to named OIDs.
- **Extensible Architecture**: Easily extend PySNMP with custom functionality
  for your specific use cases.

Getting Started:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Get-started guide and other articles are in `SNMP Library Docs <https://www.pysnmp.com/pysnmp/>`_
- Source code and examples are hosted in `PySNMP GitHub repository`_.

Well-Known Projects Using PySNMP:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. list-table::
   :widths: 64 64

   * - OpenStack
     - .. image:: _static/OpenStack-Logo-Vertical.png
          :width: 128
          :class: white-background
   * - Home Assistant
     - .. image:: _static/home-assistant-logo-vertical.svg
          :width: 128
          :class: white-background

Tools and Utilities
-------------------

PySNMP includes a variety of tools and utilities designed to help manage and
monitor SNMP-enabled devices. These sibling projects complement the PySNMP core
library.

- `Command-line SNMP Tools <https://www.pysnmp.com/snmpclitools/>`_: SNMP utilities for the command line.
- `SNMP Simulator`_: Simulate SNMP agents for testing.
- `SNMP Simulator Control Plane <https://www.pysnmp.com/snmpsim-control-plane/>`_: Manage and control SNMP simulation.
- `SNMP Simulator Data <https://www.pysnmp.com/snmpsim-data/>`_: Dataset for use with SNMP simulators.
- `SNMP Proxy Forwarder`_: Forward SNMP messages between networks.
- `SNMP Command Responder <https://www.pysnmp.com/snmpresponder/>`_: Implement SNMP agents.
- `SNMP SMI Compiler <https://www.pysnmp.com/pysmi/>`_: Compile MIB files into Python.
- `ASN.1 Types and Codecs <https://pyasn1.readthedocs.io/>`_: Encode and decode ASN.1 data types.

Additional Resources
--------------------

.. toctree::
   :titlesonly:

   support
   license
   history
   snmp-simulation-service
   privacy

Contributing
------------

PySNMP is an open-source project, and contributions are welcome. Visit our
`PySNMP GitHub repository`_ to fork, submit PRs, or report issues.

PySNMP is freely available under terms that allow for both personal and
commercial use. Learn more about the PySNMP license in the :doc:`/license`
section.
