docs/source/packaging.rst, before:

.. include:: /includes/_links.rst

.. _packaging-policy:

Policy on OS-specific Packaging for PySNMP and PySMI
=====================================================

This policy was last updated on 2025-07-25.

This policy governs the distribution of PySNMP and PySMI through OS-specific
package managers (e.g., RPM, DEB). We appreciate the community's efforts to
make these libraries more widely available.

To clarify our position:

Official Distribution Channel
-----------------------------

Our official distribution channel is PyPI. All releases of PySNMP and PySMI are
published there and maintained by our team.

No OS-specific Packaging by Project Maintainers
------------------------------------------------

We do not plan to provide or maintain packages for any specific operating
systems or distributions (e.g., RPM for Fedora, DEB for Debian/Ubuntu). Our
focus remains on the Python ecosystem and the PyPI packages, which are used by
the majority of our business users.

Community Packaging Is Welcome
-------------------------------

If Linux distributions or third-party maintainers wish to create and maintain
OS-specific packages for PySNMP or PySMI, they are welcome to do so under the
terms of our license.

Pull Requests for Packaging Support
------------------------------------

If you have proposed changes that make it easier to build or integrate
PySNMP/PySMI into OS-specific package managers, pull requests are welcome.
We will:

- Review such PRs with relatively higher priority.
- Ensure speedy publication of new versions to PyPI once the changes are
  merged.

If technical support or guidance is required, please contact us at
`LeXtudio Inc.`_ to discuss business engagement details.

Commit message:

Clarify packaging policy regarding OS-specific distributions and support contact details

docs/source/packaging.rst, after:

.. include:: /includes/_links.rst

.. _packaging-policy:

Policy on OS-specific Packaging for PySNMP and PySMI
=====================================================

This policy was last updated on 2025-07-25.

This policy governs the distribution of PySNMP and PySMI through OS-specific
package managers (e.g., RPM, DEB). We appreciate the community's efforts to
make these libraries more widely available.

To clarify our position:

Official Distribution Channel
-----------------------------

Our official distribution channel is PyPI. All releases of PySNMP and PySMI are
published there and maintained by our team.

No OS-specific Packaging by Project Maintainers
------------------------------------------------

We do not plan to provide or maintain packages for any specific operating
systems or distributions (e.g., RPM for Fedora, DEB for Debian/Ubuntu). While
distribution packagers may be sponsored by their respective
distributions, we as PySNMP maintainers are not sponsored by those
distributions.

Our focus remains on the Python ecosystem and the PyPI packages,
which are used by the majority of our business users and provide the most
direct path to our users.

Community Packaging Is Welcome
-------------------------------

If Linux distributions or third-party maintainers wish to create and maintain
OS-specific packages for PySNMP or PySMI, they are welcome to do so under the
terms of our license.

Pull Requests for Packaging Support
------------------------------------

If you have proposed changes that make it easier to build or integrate
PySNMP/PySMI into OS-specific package managers, pull requests are welcome.
We will:

- Review such PRs with relatively higher priority.
- Ensure speedy publication of new versions to PyPI once the changes are
  merged.

If you have any questions about this policy, or require technical support or
guidance, please contact us at `LeXtudio Inc.`_ to discuss business engagement 
details.
