.. include:: /includes/_links.rst

.. _support:

Support Options
===============

The PySNMP ecosystem is a robust and dynamic environment that offers a variety
of support channels to cater to the diverse needs of its users. Whether you're
a beginner just starting out with PySNMP, an experienced developer looking for
advanced guidance, or an organization requiring dedicated assistance, there's a
support option available for you.

Community Support
-----------------

Community support is a great way to seek help and learn from the collective
wisdom of the PySNMP community. This support is primarily available through
Stack Overflow and GitHub.

Stack Overflow
++++++++++++++

`Stack Overflow`_ is a popular platform for programmers to learn, share their
knowledge, and build their careers.

When you post your questions on Stack Overflow under the PySNMP tag, you're not
just asking a single person for help. You're reaching out to a vast network of
experienced users and developers who are active on the platform and are willing
to assist you. This is a great way to get diverse perspectives and solutions to
your problems.

Moreover, Stack Overflow has a comprehensive archive of previously asked
questions and answers. It's highly likely that someone else has already faced
the same issue as you and has received an answer. This makes Stack Overflow not
just a platform for asking questions, but also a valuable resource for learning
and problem-solving.

GitHub
++++++

PySNMP has an active GitHub repository, which is another major channel for
support. GitHub is a web-based hosting service for version control and
collaboration. It allows you to work on projects from anywhere and collaborate
with others.

On `PySNMP GitHub repository`_, you can report issues, suggest enhancements,
and contribute to the project. The developers and maintainers of PySNMP closely
monitor the repository and provide support. They are actively involved in
addressing the issues reported by users, considering the enhancement
suggestions, and merging the contributions made by users.

Contributing to the GitHub repository is also a great way to learn and grow as
a developer. By reporting issues and suggesting enhancements, you're helping to
improve PySNMP for everyone. By contributing to the project, you're not just
solving your own problems, but also helping others who might face the same
issues in the future.

Commercial Support
------------------

For organizations that require dedicated assistance and priority support,
`LeXtudio Inc.`_, the current maintainer of PySNMP, offers commercial support
contracts. These contracts provide direct access to the current core PySNMP
contributors and ensure timely resolution of issues.

Commercial support is a premium service that caters to the specific needs of
organizations. It's designed to provide a higher level of technical support
service than community support or GitHub. With commercial support, you get
priority access to the development team, which means your issues are addressed
first. This can be crucial for organizations where time is of the essence and
issues need to be resolved quickly.

Moreover, with commercial support, you get dedicated assistance. This means you
have a team of experts at your disposal who are committed to helping you
resolve your issues. They understand your needs and preferences and provide
personalized support to ensure your satisfaction.

In conclusion, the PySNMP ecosystem offers a variety of support options to
cater to the diverse needs of its users. Whether you prefer to seek help from
the community, collaborate on GitHub, or require dedicated commercial support,
there's a support option that suits your needs. The key is to choose the
support option that best aligns with your needs and preferences, and make the
most of the resources and assistance available to you.

Related Resources
-----------------

- :doc:`/history`
- `PySNMP Quick Start <https://www.pysnmp.com/pysnmp/quick-start>`_
- :doc:`/license`
